hi all this is Michael people want to
know how I get my opinion so low on
culture for nice the big one is this
that is a mobile broadband key fob we're
on the film yeah this is my colleague
swallow yeah see start the server this
is all my server cluster the information
on it no go on the internet grow all the
people on the internet quarter
see mine
look on the top michaelene England to me
please oh come on this is my son my team
how low is it 60 2022 Casey 20 lowest
i'll actually guys about a thing it
looks like the flavor and my tag name is
Michael as well if you bump into me on
the Internet
I'm 20
18-19 very low 15 14 17
it's not good okay speaks easley final
and amend that mobile robot mobile
broadband still a tickle when the lord
King now